Hello everybody.
Today we're going to Blaikie for cross-pollination to previous resolves to do that.
We're going to first import the book retaliation function only a Skillern part of selection.
So he use a from scale learn that selection in part cross bow score and there we go.
Post-Oscar score run this important so far so good.
Now the next step is to actually create yakkers for the Focus validation which is accuracy's call cross-bar
score where we got it.
We need to give it the earth argument which is what kind of model is going to apply.
Cross-pollination do in this case if the classifier again leads to your question model that we built
earlier then we're going to give it an X are made which is obviously extreme and we're going to do the
same for y y he calls y train.
X.
Finally we're going to get how many folks that we want.
We just went in to see me and we're going to use tent poles.
So we run this.
Excellent.
It took a few seconds.
It will take a lot more time depending on what kind of model you're running.
Ours is pretty light headed because of that.
So now let's see what results we get.
So if we actually focus on the terminal we see here the accuracy's is these different results so we
stand right here and we get that means for those.
It's going to be 63 almost 64 percent accuracy in a cross-pollination meaning that 60 percent accuracy
that we got is very consistent across all fields or data.
Now the last part of this process is going to be putting the accuracies of the classifier and pulling
together with the names of the fields so we can see which particular field is more important in predicting
They response bear.
So let's do that first.
We're going to create a cat named Frank which is pretty much combining two data from two columns into
one final result that we want to print out those columns are going to be the name of the columns as
well as the coefficient of each of those columns.
In the CROSSFIRE.
So let's fill those well with those.
The first column is of course going to be a panacea or frame.
It's going to be composed of the columns of extreme great and it's going to have the column name call
features because that's why this is
excellent.
So now the next argument is going to be a second action and it's going to be the coefficients that come
from the classifiers.
So the classifier comes with the cold fusion.
Excellent but because this role will not make any call.
So we're going to use non-pilot transpose and apply to these.
Excellent.
And we're almost ready to go.
One less thing that we need is we want to keep the final call AKA's final planet they are from a colony.
So let's go we're going to give me a current argument and that's going to be quite efficient.
Excellent excellent excellent.
This is very good.
So the final part here is still the function that the axes that we're working with is on the first axis
to.
These two little friends are going to be columns in our press.
So let's run the bus.
Great.
And we'll look at the screen here.
We're going to see that there are coefficient for each of the features that we've been run.
Most of them are pretty small but it's more about you but a few of them are relatively high.
For example where you are in Iowa you sir are both on one which is higher than the average Portus partners
and purchases are very very high and in actual about their negative numbers.
And those are point twenty nine point seventy two meaning that these two are extremely important at
predicting the response.
Very good.
So now that we have everything ready we can finish this video.
And on that next video we're going to see how feature selection is going to make our model a lot better.
Thank you very much for watching CNN.
Next on.